So Simon plays from idev bodybuilding
de yesterday I have you have a video
what the topic muscle hangover tells what
is actually as a muscle cat as
he arises
and in the end, then how does it come about?
not with an overacidification
The Muscular Cat has nothing to do
it does not come to a hyperacidity it
just does not come to the rise of
lactate levels in the muscle and yes that is
therefore certainly know about it and
the next time you tell quark
will then just say she is just
not there is no muscle and
Muscular hangover is not caused by too much
lactic acid in the muscle and so on and
immediately
yes we also have some others
questions about the muscle hangover explained
what I want now but completely
I also found interesting from you
read again in the comments like
does it look like with such a kind
Therapy with sauna or sauna
unwell locally then such a heat pillow
may place these cherry stone pillows where
one should be a pillow with something
any cherry-tree in
make the microwave and then bring it
out and the cherry pits hold the
heat is very good you can have
and where they put it or so too
go to sleep with the part is soooo
of course a very good thing
to promote blood circulation
Circulation is of course always something
very important is just the muscle cat
maybe a little bit eventually
relieve can feel in his pain
of course has something with this more
To do the music as the perfect
pain somewhere in the brain
transport and you signal that
hurts so there you can of course with
still work very well against working though
what you can not do is the one
Muscle hangover with heat is somehow gone
to blow or you can hurt
but relieve the muscle hangover with it
cure somehow faster
Nonetheless, that would be serious
has muscle and is also
really stops and hurts properly and
you also notice it works
not that should be such a nice
hot tub that should maybe
go to the sauna or just like that
cherry stone cushions take the cost
Not much there are then cherry pits
In such a fabric pillow in it makes you
in the microwave and that depends very nicely
Of course, the heat is there too
even in high-tech form here so
represents
you plug in the socket and then
is he going to pillow that long why?
I also have that one can
so wonderful over the neck
if you have muscle pain, yes
very important again how it looks now
wanted out with the nutrients on it
I now enter into concrete in this
video so nutrient intake after the
training if the muscle just right
mature and the muscle too
it burns that feeling that
Muscle Cat has for me are for it
amino acids from experience actually
very important for one, the three bcaa
amino acids berlin and iso people
draw and ultimately glutamine
all I'm doing in the form of capsules
I have the mpc akp megatrends here
just as for bleeding mini league cups the
I'll just take it after the training
I take four pieces of each and
then I can get up somewhere eventually
even say okay now i have this
sufficient amino acids are sufficient
have deficiencies in the pool in the blood train it
of course still such a thing if
one has an idea of
diet supplements are heard
probably the four most important
amino acids that you as an athlete
with special care takes with himself
I can recommend this very
capsule shape is of course very comfortable
I'm really on it right now
I think a lot of quality too
so here's the league cups this one
great and the other here too
glutamine tabs I'll link that up
under help in this video that is
simply from my point of view, this makes sense
nutrients after a serious
Training fall tell these four
amino acids become the muscle hangover
do not relieve faster
they will not take care of that
Muscle hangover no longer hurts or how
goes faster but it has
just something with the nutrient supply too
Do the muscle that is injured
muscle is in a process of growth
also clearly the muscle grows in the
serious muscle cat is the
growth process certainly first
not in the form as at
a slight muscle hangover where the muscle
actually growing
can focus on priority and not
first of all has to deal with itself
Let's be clear on all this
those who think a heavy one
muscle would be
which is especially great so important
I just think that one in the
area then on the nutrient supply
Pay attention that you just look that one
actually healthy is that you look
but also lean quark makes but also
just these four important amino acids
here once the bca it and low blood for
me really important and just this
Of course, that's the big capsule shape
Convenient to take in and in the self
actually out of the blister and the
you can swallow
I 've shown that before
that I swallow these big capsules
but who can do that similar
make the capsule on it you can even
rotate
there you can open the capsule
dissolve in the juice or water and
Ultimately then the powder
do not even consume it
problem
but the capsule is gone and I can
also in berlin
Yes, I can recommend that he is there
really pay attention to that
training as being especially healthy too
feed
well of course carbohydrates on
fast carbohydrates with the
glycogen stores another col
premiered
but also these four amino acids
all those who say that now
Do not want to drink postberg outtake
I do not know why because I have the
somehow not want to take with you
to the gym or from which
I always start like that now
can not understand and needs
that's just important to yourself
then maybe the banana snaps and
but still with this one
amino acid works because ultimately
existing muscles of egg white and
Egg white from amino acids so that must
Just be clear that this is a whole
plays an important role and for me and
I can only advise women to anyone like that
topic muscle hangover I guess that one
relatively detailed you know
now that muscle- kelly kelly
Acidification is very important again
in really all of them tell you there
the quark from 20 years ago still
to talk
Otherwise, as I said, muscle soreness should
to cure and so a player
In any case, avoid muscle ache so
See you in the next video many
greetings from your simon